we were in a car going on our way to a
marketing guru for our eve online com
website it's a website for flowers and
lovers team of lovers and lovers it
turned out into a little road trip even
though she doesn't think he's a boat
trip it wasn't road trip so for like an
hour that's a long trip I'll back an
hour yes it was a road trip should do a
road trip you know soon as we get the
new beds
ok so we're driving right and all of a
sudden this whole bus full of Polish
people stops next to us and they're like
drinking beer and driving having a blast
like just an imported bus full of
imported Polish people they're
everywhere I'm Bishop better control
these sip and drinking
beer and drive in there's blood so are
you convinced that we're going to be
millionaires but it's a quitter 28
should be writing a letter maybe to just
send us a couple of cans people
leadership to eat
roll down your window lemon mousse
Germans your stop get out when they have
your date somewhere next week
annie has a girlfriend I know they are
don't forget about these things sure
continue stay tuned stager I swear to
stay tuned hong kong right do we have
stay tuned to this way ok we can afford
it Wendy next week she's right what do
you want to do to die the same thing we
do every night pinky try to take over
the world